all right so you've recently just got
tired of playing Grand Theft Auto 5 or
all the other games that you own for
your ps3 so you go back and you want to
play some card modern warfare call duty
4 modern warfare or if you believe one
of the best Call of Duty's ever made so
you pop it into your ps3 and then you
start it up and you get an error like
this go ahead and you oh this is weird
II hit the confirm button an error has
occurred
fatal error now before you freak out
it's not your PlayStation 3 it's not the
game it's actually an error that is
going on called duty for right now I
don't know what it's all about but go
ahead quit the game once when you have
quit the game you want to go ahead and
turn off of your system there's you guys
well you can't see it down there but I
have the slim with ps3 and it is wired
again you guys can't see it but once
we've turned off your system you want to
go ahead and you want to turn off your
router alright so as y'all can see over
there there's more router I have this
switch that actually just turns it off
so you want to flick once when I flip
that switch you can see it turns off the
router and once when the router is
turned off you want to turn back on your
ps3 alright once we've turned back on
your ps3 go ahead and start up modern
warfare and now as you guys can see it
goes right past that screen we can
actually go ahead and start playing some
modern warfare but if you want to play
online here's what you have to do once
when you go through all of the screens
you actually want to scroll down to
where it says multiplayer and remember
this is world while your router is
turned off so in order to even get to
the screen as of now like I said I have
no clue what's going on I don't know if
it's the hackers that's trying to hack
this game completely to where they don't
even want people to play it but you want
to go to where it says multiplayer and
then before you click that online you
actually want to
back on your router and I'm gonna do
that right now all right so I'm go ahead
and turn back on my router and then just
the show as you guys can see I'm not
signed in alright so once we turn back
on your router and everything is booted
back up go ahead and sign in to
PlayStation Network as you guys can see
up there I am signed interpellation
Network and then if we go over here you
guys can actually see my friends and
then just go ahead and click play online
and now you're able to play call of duty
modern warfare 4 or modern warfare call
of duty 4 online so that is currently
the fix if you guys are getting that
fatal error but they they it's not a
permanent fix you will have to do this
every time you want to play the game so
hopefully you guys enjoyed the video go
ahead be sure to comment rate and
subscribe and I'll see you guys in the
next one peace